Clarify CAGG docs for real-time aggregation (#4041)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/continuous-aggregates/real-time-aggregates.md

<Procedure>

> 1.  Enable real-time aggregation for an existing table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Enable real-time aggregation for an existing continuous aggregate:
```
